# paper-research
Business Analytics Proposal  
The title: Opportunities and Challenges of Business Analytics       
Nowadays, all big companies and corporations in the world have the need of a business analysis team to create positive change, and to ensure as well as maintain value and increase the profit on investment for projects. It is predicted that the large number of jobs for all US business analysts will increase from the current 364,000 openings to 2,720,000 by 2020, as indicated by IBM (Arora, Vikas. (2019) What Are The Expected Business Analytics Professionals Demand In 2019?. Batimes.com. Retrieved from https://www.batimes.com/articles/what-are-the-expected-business-analytics-professionals-demand-in-2019.html).     
Being an MSBA – Master of Science in Business Analytics, I have studied a lot of new knowledge about data, writing code, and how to program. I am very glad that I made a good decision since this major has become a buzzword in the corporate world.     
However, I had no background about data and computer before, and I just started this major within a year so how can I manage to study it and achieve it? I believe that not only me, but many other students also have the same question.      
Therefore, I chose to do this research about Business Analytics to find an answer. The research will not only help students deeply comprehend the major that they are studying, it also helps them create the right path for their future career. This research and its conclusions will adequately prepare students to understand the concept of what Business Analytics is, and two of its aspects: the opportunities, as well as the challenges in this career field.   
The discipline: Business Analysis  Documentation Style: MLA (Modern Language Association) 
